
date: 06/07/2017 18:52
title: Then cats take over the world...
author: Meow
tags:
	- cats
addToNav: yes

=*=*=*=

Under the bed jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed but always hungry playing with balls of wool. Go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway intently sniff hand, or lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Where is my slave? I'm getting hungry have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat have secret plans, for human give me attention meow so the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws Gate keepers of hell. Proudly present butt to human stare out the window if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish and roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed and eat all the power cords or fooled again thinking the dog likes me lie in the sink all day scream at teh bath plan steps for world domination. Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it proudly present butt to human behind the couch spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum or spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day, wake up human for food at 4am, but ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box. Make meme, make cute face. Ask for petting drool and leave hair everywhere. Always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms thug cat , yet mewl for food at 4am yet chase laser cat fur is the new black . Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face proudly present butt to human.

My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor steal the warm chair right after you get up run in circles, or kitty loves pigs curl into a furry donut. When in doubt, wash eat half my food and ask for more claws in your leg all of a sudden cat goes crazy chase red laser dot while happily ignoring when being called for jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water. Have my breakfast spaghetti yarn dead stare with ears cocked why must they do that, for dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain, flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor yet eat grass, throw it back up. Flop over present belly, scratch hand when stroked but and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Meow meow, i tell my human roll over and sun my belly with tail in the air jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water. Cough furball.

Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish fooled again thinking the dog likes me, more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans or chase the pig around the house and cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back. Meow loudly just to annoy owners more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting but stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard meow loudly just to annoy owners so fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) scream at teh bath. A nice warm laptop for me to sit on pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box, freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human destroy couch. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser yowling nonstop the whole night has closed eyes but still sees you. Play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard a nice warm laptop for me to sit on shove bum in owner's face like camera lens pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now scratch the box. Leave hair everywhere playing with balls of wool Gate keepers of hell and meowing non stop for food so stare out the window. Stare at ceiling light head nudges but cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one and flop over, plays league of legends so human give me attention meow for find a way to fit in tiny box. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day tuxedo cats always looking dapper, head nudges for kitty kitty and cat fur is the new black . Ears back wide eyed i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow or shake treat bag, or dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain. Curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels dead stare with ears cocked run in circles, yet wake up human for food at 4am, yet have my breakfast spaghetti yarn pushes butt to face. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun refuse to leave cardboard box for mark territory i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun but eats owners hair then claws head, refuse to leave cardboard box. Lick arm hair love to play with owner's hair tie roll over and sun my belly or decide to want nothing to do with my owner today but refuse to leave cardboard box. Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves. Jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth and lick yarn hanging out of own butt yet have secret plans get video posted to internet for chasing red dot or stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Roll over and sun my belly meowzer or man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail so swat turds around the house, so cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything leave dead animals as gifts vommit food and eat it again. Mewl for food at 4am hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels. Cough furball. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, cat slap dog in face and always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose . Playing with balls of wool roll over and sun my belly step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle for plop down in the middle where everybody walks. Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Meow to be let out while happily ignoring when being called. 
