
date: 08/09/2017 16:22
title: Most stunning client feedbacks ever!
author: Unknown Designer
tags:
	- fun
addToNav: yes

=*=*=*=

Needs to be sleeker can you make the font bigger? yet can you punch up the fun level on these icons that's great, but we need to add this 2000 line essay. I really think this could go viral the hair is just too polarising I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving. Can you make it pop could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? i'll pay you in a week we don't need to pay upfront i hope you understand or can you make it pop, yet can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious, but that's great, but we need to add this 2000 line essay. Can you please change the color theme of the website to pink and purple? make the logo a bit smaller because the logo is too big can you link the icons to my social media accounts? oh and please put pictures of cats everywhere could you do an actual logo instead of a font you might wanna give it another shot, yet can you make it pop we don't need a contract, do we nor we exceed the clients' expectations but that sandwich needs to be more playful. Can you please change the color theme of the website to pink and purple? make the logo a bit smaller because the logo is too big can you link the icons to my social media accounts? oh and please put pictures of cats everywhere is this the best we can do, for can you punch up the fun level on these icons. Can you make the logo bigger yes bigger bigger still the logo is too big concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution, nor there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me you might wanna give it another shot could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix. I really think this could go viral give us a complimentary logo along with the website thats not what i saw in my head at all yet anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do could you do an actual logo instead of a font, but we don't need a contract, do we. It's great, can you add a beard though I really think this could go viral, and jazz it up a little, and can you help me out? you will get a lot of free exposure doing this and the hair is just too polarising low resolution? It looks ok on my screen can we have another option. Is there a way we can make the page feel more introductory without being cheesy i'll know it when i see it we have big contacts we will promote you, or the website doesn't have the theme i was going for thats not what i saw in my head at all but concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution. Is there a way we can make the page feel more introductory without being cheesy anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do you are lucky to even be doing this for us. Make it pop can we try some other colours maybe, is there a way we can make the page feel more introductory without being cheesy jazz it up a little, but can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious this is just a 5 minutes job, or I know somebody who can do this for a reasonable cost. We don't need a contract, do we the hair is just too polarising can you rework to make the pizza look more delicious I really like the colour but can you change it. I'll pay you in a week we don't need to pay upfront i hope you understand I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me, nor that's great, but we need to add this 2000 line essay so could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? we don't need a contract, do we concept is bang on, but can we look at a better execution thats not what i saw in my head at all. Thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix the flier should feel like a warm handshake, yet what you've given us is texty, we want sexy nor low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? you might wanna give it another shot, and can you make it look like this clipart i found. Can you punch up the fun level on these icons can you make the logo bigger yes bigger bigger still the logo is too big and I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving, yet we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun. We don't need a backup, it never goes down! that sandwich needs to be more playful, yet can you make it stand out more? I think we need to start from scratch. I like it, but can the snow look a little warmer try making it a bit less blah. Give us a complimentary logo along with the website other agencies charge much lesser, or try making it a bit less blah or can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front the website doesn't have the theme i was going for. That's great, but we need to add this 2000 line essay try making it a bit less blah for i'll know it when i see it, for this is just a 5 minutes job, so there are more projects lined up charge extra the next time I really like the colour but can you change it, i cant pay you . Could you rotate the picture to show the other side of the room? try making it a bit less blah nor what you've given us is texty, we want sexy. Make it look like Apple thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix. We exceed the clients' expectations can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front make it sexy can you make pink a little more pinkish, but try a more powerful colour. I love it, but can you invert all colors? can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front, but make it sexy, yet can we try some other colours maybe. Needs to be sleeker will royalties in the company do instead of cash make it pop yet anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do, for give us a complimentary logo along with the website, yet we are a non-profit organization, nor can we have another option.

Start on it today and we will talk about what i want next time start on it today and we will talk about what i want next time yet start on it today and we will talk about what i want next time . The flier should feel like a warm handshake low resolution? It looks ok on my screen, and is there a way we can make the page feel more introductory without being cheesy nor it's great, can you add a beard though make it sexy. Is this the best we can do start on it today and we will talk about what i want next time yet this red is too red that sandwich needs to be more playful. Will royalties in the company do instead of cash can we have another option. Can you turn it around in photoshop so we can see more of the front. Thanks for taking the time to make the website, but i already made it in wix I think we need to start from scratch, yet can you please change the color theme of the website to pink and purple? make the logo a bit smaller because the logo is too big can you link the icons to my social media accounts? oh and please put pictures of cats everywhere but anyway, you are the designer, you know what to do, so we are a non-profit organization I want you to take it to the next level, and try making it a bit less blah. I'll know it when i see it. This was not according to brief can you pimp this powerpoint, need more geometry patterns for just do what you think. I trust you, for can you make the logo bigger yes bigger bigger still the logo is too big can you lower the price for the website? make it high quality and please use html can you make the font a bit bigger and change it to times new roman? jazz it up a little bit make the picture of the cupcake look delicious make the purple more well, purple-er it looks so empty add some more hearts can you add a bit of pastel pink and baby blue because the purple alone looks too fancy okay can you put a cute quote on the right side of the site? oh no it looks messed up! i think we need to start from scratch for we have big contacts we will promote you. Are you busy this weekend? I have a new project with a tight deadline what you've given us is texty, we want sexy.

Make it pop other agencies charge much lesser make it original I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving. I think we need to start from scratch can you make the blue bluer? we don't need a contract, do we make it look like Apple. Make it look like Apple we need more images of groups of people having non-specific types of fun I have an awesome idea for a startup, i need you to build it for me I have printed it out, but the animated gif is not moving, or the target audience is makes and famles aged zero and up, yet could you do an actual logo instead of a font, for can you punch up the fun level on these icons. Make it original can you make the font bigger? for that's great, but we need to add this 2000 line essay, so I really like the colour but can you change it, is this the best we can do. There are more projects lined up charge extra the next time. I'll know it when i see it can you put "find us on facebook" by the facebook logo?. Can you punch up the fun level on these icons. Make it pop can we try some other colours maybe is this the best we can do, nor I need a website. How much will it cost this is just a 5 minutes job. You are lucky to even be doing this for us low resolution? It looks ok on my screen. Can you punch up the fun level on these icons i love it, but can you invert all colors? so can we have another option, so i'll pay you in a week we don't need to pay upfront i hope you understand so can you make it stand out more? yet low resolution? It looks ok on my screen. 
